doc(release): Release notes for collect 23.04 (#3438)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Collect

### 23.04.14

> Release date: `July 7, 2024`

Reviewer: Hello is it July 17 ?

> Release date: `July 7, 2024`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Release date: `July 17, 2024`
```

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Broker] If a metric can't be inserted in the database, the metric is dropped with an error log but Broker continues to work, and others metrics are still inserted.
> - [Broker] Fixed an issue while trying to Connect to MySQL 8.0.35.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Broker] Fixed an issue that occurred when inserting too large metrics into the database, which resulted in an error log.
- [Broker] Added support for the default connection method to MySQL 8.0.35.
```
